e e
I like big butts and can that live good
morning good morning good morning how
are you hope you're doing well see if I
can get an audio check here see if the
man can be heard let's see let's see
don't see my stream
actually I can't see it or hear it from
my side so I'm going to check Twitter
and if you guys can give me
a uh audio check just give me
a 5 by five if you can hear me and if I
get that from you all that
means I can begin to blow
be I believe I can be
heard all
right again good
morning good morning I don't know why
the volume is low you're going to have
to turn your volume up and listen to me
with headphones I'm not sure what's
going on I think YouTube's trying to
keep you from
learning they better crank it up they're
going to make money all right so
uh yeah I'm not sure why there's uh
everybody saying it's low volume but I'm
I'm literally almost kissing the
microphone let's put it that way and I'm
I just I don't feel that romantic at the
moment
so we are looking at the NASDAQ here
today and we had our
opening here and there's a 15sec chart
in lower
right we just traded through the new day
opening gap of Last Friday uh
the overlay I'm using I'm tting them out
uh this one here if you created this one
you know who you
are
I just want you to correct that date
because it should be the next day I
mentioned this on Twitter so that's a
little little distracting for
me so on the F minute chart I have that
in the left hand lower
corner so we have our discount opening
range Gap right here midpoint is right
there just so happens to be an old new
day opening Gap low in close proximity
to
that so we'll see if we can get a little
bit of a bounce in here get up into the
opening range
Gap changes back to electronic trading
hours so
is where I'm focusing initially so that
way I'm not trying to force a bias I'm
not trying to have Caleb know for sure
what direction to work within first
thing we do is we watch and see if
there's any formation
of a gap we have a pretty respectable
one this
morning and this week we'll be pushing
buttons
it's about
time Daniel's getting ready to cuss me
again I still hear water bottle you're
not drink from
Yeti I'm not used to having it so I
forget about it but I remember it every
time I hear the bottle start blinking
right creatures of habit have to be
trained all righty then now let's look
at the
the one minute chart here I'm waiting to
see if we get a fair value Gap there
again the first few minutes of
trading let them have it let them do
whatever they want to do with it
whatever range they create whatever
expansion whatever reversal whatever is
going to happen is going to happen
jumping in it trying to you know predict
what you should be trying to do without
looking at Price
first little
foolish now 15sec
chart I like how the bodies have been
respecting this new day opening Gap this
again this is Fridays
so the date's going to be incorrect here
I'm not trying to beat up on the person
that coded it but uh that's just a
little cosmetic thing but for me it's a
big deal
hourly
chart this Wick right
here show
you that one right
there watch the 30 uh 3
34.5 level pick go down there and touch
that
that getting through that with a lot of
momentum sets us up for maybe a run into
that
the Thursday end
all not cosign that one yet we just
sitting still in the
wax no reason to chase
it so today is the first day of our week
where I'm trying to teach my son
entries and how to pick the right fair
value guy I get that question a lot you
know how do you know which one's the
right fair value got well it comes with
trial and error in the beginning and I'm
going to give exercises for Caleb
to and hit that there you go so we have
our consequent encroachment level
here one minute
chart we have our first
Gap right up in here real
small right there tiny little thing it's
all it takes
though so big give back today they the
uh a medium impact news driver came out
8:30 I could care less about the data in
it I don't worry about those those
numbers
I'm going to trust what the price is
doing more than what the data is because
the data is always
fluffed if the market doesn't go where
the data would indicate based on
everybody else's opinion of it for
instance if the data is supposed to be
good for the economy or good for the
market and the market goes the other way
then they'll just say well it was priced
in but they didn't give you a report
saying they right priced in so they're
always going to explain it the way so
just might as well just look at price
and see what's see what's going to
happen around the open so far we had a
really good
uh gap opening
lower go back to regular trading
hours more the five minute chart don't
want to do
that
buy there you are so have still a very
large opening Gap just open straight
from jump stra
and traded
lower the sell side below here and that
Wick that red level right here that's
this wick on the hourly chart upper
left-and corner
chart if you're watching um the price
axis you're going to be confused upper
left-and corner chart up here it's the
wick underneath my cursor right there
that middle of that Wick is what I
highlighted and told you to watch that
that's the same level down here in the
lower leth hand corner chart this is a f
minute
chart we went below the cell side here
and we're trading inside of this
Gap that's on the 1250 PM from last
Thursday and there's the opening range
Gap
on the 15sec
chart mid Gap is
here so that's consequent encouragement
of the opening range
Gap if you look at the one minute chart
that's real real nice right there clean
equal
highs straight down right from the
opening so you know what retail wants to
do they want to be short
and we have a new day opening Gap
low
here just close to that mid
Gap so some of the exercises I'm going
to show you today well I won't show you
many of them probably I'll start off
with one I'm going to ease into it but
each day I'm going to teach teach you
what you can practice with using the
lower time frame charts now for folks
that don't have sub one minute charts
it's the same thing on a one minute
chart so I'll kind of do an example of
it in the one minute chart today and
I'll do an example of it in the 15sec
chart so that way you guys can see it
and and get a baseline going
forward each day I'll do several
examples based on what the chart and
what what the market is presenting to me
there will be times where I will
say this is what would look like a fair
value G so that way you know in advance
what I'm talking
about and we'll test using ones that I
don't necessarily agree with so it gives
Caleb and all of you a chance to see
what it looks like when you're not doing
it correctly and how you'll be able to
identify it right away because there's
certain signatures that it should
present to you if the fair value Gap is
valid
these are the things I personally look
for if they don't have all of them and
they have a few of them you can still
practice with it but if you get an an
adverse result don't beat yourself up
about because they're drills drills are
just pratice their practice sessions is
all they are you won't get good at
entries until you practice them a lot
you will not know how to buy and sell
and add to the positions and pyramid
unless you do these very basic ideas but
we got to let the market shake out its
initial uh excitement
here then we go here and start clicking
some
buttons as you can see I have it set to
one contract and today I'm going to be
doing just primarily the discussion on
the mini contract tomorrow I will most
likely be rolled over into the December
contract so right now we're trading with
the September
delivery tomorrow if everything's as I
expect expected to be I go to
barchart.com I'll post a picture of it
on my community post CH of my YouTube
Channel showing you what I'm looking at
and what is the reason why I'm rolling
over okay because if you're not familiar
with it it's probably going to
be you know unclear to you you know what
I'm referring to so I'm going to show
you what it looks
like and how I determine when I'm going
to roll ER most everybody else is
waiting for their favorite live streamer
or the person that they like to follow
on social media when they say the roll
over I'm I'm looking for specific
numbers to tell me when I'm going to
stop worrying about the September
contract or what is considered the
nearby contract and I'm going to trade
the next month out which in this case is
December and the symbol for that if you
want to have that handy it's going to be
NQ Z as in zipper 2024 Z is the contract
delivery month code for December
all right some of the things I like to
look for is like we went down below this
low here straight shot right from the
opening bell um we have all these wicks
in here and generally even if it is
inside of this sippy here folks will
look at that and think that that's
something to go short on I like the fact
that it went down into that volume
imbalance right here on the one minute
chart with this Candlestick Here and Now
I want to see does it want to go higher
to reach back up into and dog here and
then maybe get up into the buy side
there and see if we can get to Mid gap
which is consequent Crush that red level
up
here I got a little too many
uh lines on the chart for my liking so
clean
up go back into a 15minute chart not
about hand corner
so when
I'm coaching KB and when I'm trying to
teach students when I used to do
one-on-one sessions I do not teach 101
sessions anymore I did that in the '90s
but what I would do is I would give the
ideas of what I want to see in price
that would either frame a setup for
instance if we make another attempt to
go lower first of all let's let's do
this first let's cancel that out I
already outlined that I want to see it
fail with this sell side and balance by
side and efficiency other words some of
you I'm going to maximize just this
chart for right okay
most of you may look at
this like
that and think okay it's gone up and
it's rebalanced that out so therefore it
should sell
off well it can I don't I don't
personally want to see that I would
rather see this one fail that's what I'd
like to see I would like to see that one
fail meaning that since we went to the
top of it here and here if you split
that inefficiency in
half I want to see it stay in the upper
half if it has any retracements I want
to see it go back in the lower half okay
so right away we're talking about how to
look for fair Val gaps that shouldn't be
viewed as a shorting opportunity because
you would have been stopped or very
close to being stopped out already
because the rules are whatever the fair
value Gap is that has the imbalance
candle there's always three okay there's
three candles that make a fair value
Gap your ey is being trained
Caleb for the most part he can see these
but they're not always jumping out at
them because especially if there's
multiple fair value gaps okay or what
would be considered visually
representing a fair value Gap like he
would look at this one and he would look
look at this one if there's multiple
ones it's like which one do you use it's
the same questions that all of you are
leaving in my comment section the same
ones that my private students sometimes
they ask me it's you want a nut to the
bolts this is what you're doing that's
what we're covering this week okay the
whole week is going to be specific to
that but you have to let me talk about
the details okay because it's not just
one sentence there's going to be
variations to certain things that way
when you write them down when you take
screenshots every time I draw attention
like I mentioned this one here you
should already have that screenshot you
let me get this out way that should be
screenshotted right there okay so some
of you saw this one right here and maybe
you did take the short in
here and if you would have used the
rules that a valid fair value Gap
employees the stop loss would be above
the number two candle in the three
Candlestick formation that makes a fair
value guy so
if we look at it like
this taller
one
candle two and three if the market has
moved
lower this Candlestick in the
middle that is your your kind like your
trigger candle that's the one you're
watching to see stay
open this is number one candle this is
number two candle number two candle is
where your stop loss is that's your if
you're really trying to use the the most
leverage not that that's something you
should be encouraged here I'm not trying
to encourage you to over leverage but if
you're going to be using maximum
leverage you're placing your stop loss
right there the conservative stop where
you're not overleveraging where you're a
one contract Trader and you're just not
trying to push it too hard and you like
to be comfortable in your trade you
don't be scared out you don't be
worrying about too much of every
fluctuation the number one candle is
where your stop loss is okay so right
away we've already cleared the air and
removed all the confusion about where
stop losses go and what Candlestick is
the
trigger if the market price is down
below here and you're looking for lower
prices even still lower than that if the
market trades up
this Candlestick number
three this is your
entry that that candlesticks
high or one tick below it if you're
absolutely 100% certain that you believe
strongly that it's going to drop I will
use a one tick below that candlestick's
high now you can do something like
this don't worry there's plenty of fair
Val guys for me to trade off up just
focus here first we have to lay the
ground work you'll see me pushing
buttons today just sit your [__] ass
still the low and the
high that is your consequent
encroachment of this hypothetical Fair
Val you got okay so
this to this candlesticks High that's
your sweet spot you know perfect world
all things being perfect
this is your ideal entry point right in
here now I'm going to tell you how why
we are not supply and demand and you can
put the middle finger up to everybody
that tries to say that that's what it is
because today you're going to find out
with the signs behind why it's
not zones we don't deal with zones and
you want to screenshot that okay so
we've seen it go down into the lower
half of this Cy which is a fair value G
that has a Down down
close it knocked out anyone that went
short traded down once more to the
consequent encroachment a mohawk which
is just coloring outside the lines and
trading up into that end do new day
opening Gap and this is again Friday's
UND do and got right here the liquidity
is this
that's your buy
side right
there and then up here is mid Gap or
consequent encouragement of the opening
range
Gap and that's all that we need to worry
about at this moment for you Caleb
okay so we have a small little Gap in
here notice it's over here it's the same
thing just going lower so have we have a
fair Val Gap
there and we have a fair Val Gap right
there
this to
me isolates all this price
action so I I view this as a balanced
price range I would prefer it not to see
that fill in it doesn't mean if it goes
down and fills and touches this
candlestick's high or the small little
volume bounce that has to be included
like if you're drawing this fair value G
here you can't just use the wick the
wick like that that's not
valid that's not valid you want to use
the volume imbalance that's part of and
inside
of do
okay that's incorrect
this that's valid because you're you're
taking in consideration that the
difference between two bodies that they
are not touching so you have to have all
the way down to the previous candle or
number one candle in this case which is
the opposite
this okay so we want to see it trade
above the end dog come back down it can
use the top or the midpoint of that
spring from that up into the minor buy
side maybe hopefully accelerate and
reach into that mid
Gap and we still got about seven minutes
or so let's see if we can hit that mid
Gap because all again 70% of the time
it's not 100% 70% of the time mid Gap
gets hit within the first 30
minutes so back to this discussion here
for fair value gaps we're not supplying
demand we don't trade in zones so since
number three candle that is your entry
candle number two candle is your framing
of the fair value Gap what's the what's
the part
that's the area where price should come
back and revisit it it's the candle that
has no previous candles low touching the
next candle after in other words in a
perfect world this Candlestick should
touch this Candlestick and have a a
bridge between those two price points
but as we see here it's being shown with
just one Candlestick so it's one pass
through or single delivery between this
candlesticks low to where this candle
makes its high so as soon as the next
candle number four
opens you have a valid reason to
anticipate a return back up into that
value gu it may not do so it may just
keep on dropping down if it does just
let it do it don't don't worry about it
because your eyesight here your your
focus rather should be in the mid part
of the Gap that springing by this
candlesticks low and this Candlestick is
high and you drop a fib on it same thing
is accomplished when you put the little
horizontal line on your rectangles you
drop your rectangles in and you go to
style this midline is basically going to
give you the same same thing that you
get when you put a Fibonacci on it and
have the 50% level it's consequent
encroachment it's the
midpoint if we're bearish the the ideal
optimal entries are going to be formed
at the lower half why because you want
to see that upper half this level up to
this candlesticks low stay open you want
that to remain open because if it does
that means you have a very strong
probability that you're right and you're
going to be on side and that's that's a
fun thing to to be on and there's
signatures that the algorithm signals to
you that that's what it's trying to do
and you don't have to worry about you
don't you you're not fearful of it you
me to smoke that minor b
side you're already grinning aren't you
thinking man this guy's literally
teaching what the future
holds not for everybody a lot of you
guys are going to tap out you're not
going to want to do the work but
why we are not trading in zones okay
well this looks like a Zone ICT you're
you're you're shading this area here
there are specific price
levels this low of that candle number
one to Candle number three is high
that's what I have a Fibonacci on
hypothetically because these are just
candles I I drew out they're not there
the same thing we're going to look at on
the actual fair value gaps in price but
this is the stuff that you write down
and you draw this out in your notebook
okay you're wome here me get out of the
way you're welcome to take that
screenshot like that and then scribble
all of your notes around that but what
you're looking for is I personally this
is my favorite way of uh doing it
because if you look at my charts when
I'm doing executions you'll might see
where I'm just a little bit ahead of a
fair value capap or I'm just a little
bit ahead of a bearish order block
because I know what I'm looking for so I
want to make sure I get filled because
I'm trying to trade in markets that are
very heavy when I'm bearish or very very
light and more likely to run higher when
I'm bullish so I want to make sure I get
filled I don't like missing my entries I
I'm not worried about missing the trade
I have 81 ways to get into that same
trade but the thing is that you are not
learning how to trade a Zone there's
very specific price levels and what are
they they're this it's the high of
candle number three when you're trading
a bearish fair value
at look at that by side look at that who
does it like this Patrick Patrick you
watching take notes brother so that
price right there if it trades up into
that you can be short I would be short
one tick below this candlestick's
high and then if it trades up to the
lower quadrant of this Gap I'm adding
one more what do you think I'm adding
there that's the four contracts so I'm
going to enter short I'm not saying this
is let me let me slow down real quick
but I'm just teaching you by Theory what
you watch me do all the time in my
examples okay I'm doing this and I'm
repeating it over and over and over and
over again
and it's something that you're going to
be able to do if you practice this
okay entry six contracts at Candle
number three is high less one
tick if I'm not there at the time to get
that on as soon as it trades to this
candlesticks high as it's
happening I'm going short rate the
market and then I'm watching price I
want to see price kiss that lower
quadrant level that makes that fair
value gaps
range okay I'm going to add four more
there and then whatever I feel
comfortable
with if I get another opportunity to
short that will happen if it touches
consequent
encroachment
if if and it doesn't always happen if it
trades up in the upper half and words it
does
this now we're up in Upper region now I
have a real deep deep deep discount I'm
sorry premium I'm trying to sell at an
extremely high
price then what I'm going to do is I'm
going to toss in like two
contracts two more contracts as long as
it's spending time up in here and it
keeps tapping and if it shows the body
staying inside of this candles stick's
low number one candle's low I will allow
it to Wick through that and it's okay
for it to do that because my stop loss
is going to be resting one tick Above
This candlestick's high it's going to
take a real move to disrupt that and I
already know as I proved here I knew how
to find fair value gaps that fail and I
will tell you why that one was not a
good one so settle down you're screaming
at the monitor Dude tell me why you
didn't bleed I'm going to tell you trust
me it's all part of the the purchase
proc is coming here today no refunds so
we have this level here that we allow
for the wick to form through it but we
don't want to ever want to see the
bodies close above it we don't want to
see that
so that's how I'm
internalizing what I'm expecting when
price is trading up into the fair value
Gap my entry price point is specific
it's not how do I get in this Zone how
do I trade this Zone that's [__] we
have to know what levels we're trading
okay so if it's going to trade and above
the midpoint it's giving me a real high
premium price what price level am I
going to aim for there the upper
quadrant
level now tell me how's that for
logic it's not ambiguous it's not Milly
vanilly okay you don't know what you're
getting I know exactly what I'm looking
for I know exactly what price I'm aiming
for and I know exactly where my stop
loss is going to be at I'm not guessing
I'm not wondering where I should put it
at I'm not worrying about if it's going
going to get hit because if it hits it
then that's wonderful that I just paid a
premium for information I got new Intel
that means I'm
probably looking at an inversion fair
value Gap and I can mitigate that loss
very
easily oh my goodness yes and you're
worried about losing why are you worried
about losing losing just is you paying a
premium for more information you're
getting close you get a better view of
price it's next move you're getting VIP
seating but you have to pay extra for
that don't you that's all this is when
you take a loss that's what you're
getting you're getting VIP treatment for
the next price
run now if you get stocked out with
retail logic you're scared you have no
idea what's going on it's terrifying you
freeze up or you go into panic mode or
you go gamblers numb and just start
pushing a button hoping something
happens and at at some point you don't
even care if you are making money when
you get like that so to avoid all those
things you you have to have a logic in
mind how you're going to look for the
pattern if the pattern is the fair value
got for you which is I'm pushing that on
my son like I'm almost basically making
him only trade with this one because
everything I'm teaching today this week
and in this entire 20 24 mentorship is a
foundation for him he will have the
ability to migrate away from the fair
value Gap if he doesn't want to use it
if he finds something else better but
visual usually as a teaching Aid the
fair value Gap is good okay the first
presentation fair value Gap right
there that's let's highlight
that every single time I annotate the
chart I got to start looking at the time
down here and if it's about to go to uh
in the 50 second before the change of
the minute I gotta wait for that to
happen because every single time I
annotate the chart it jumps and
sometimes if I'm talking too fast
the uh I won't make I won't notice it
and then then my chart won't be like
it's supposed to be and it makes me
angry later on when I see what my chart
looks
like
right I want to get that mid mid line
off it's not what I want right here okay
so here's first presentation Fair
got so now we know the
prices we know how we're going to build
in pyramided positions
if I'm not saying you should do this if
you're if you're first time trying to
learn how to do this do not try to
Pyramid please don't try to build big
big big positions just try to trade one
contract and use the easiest lwh hanging
fruit objective entry that's this one
down here on candle number three it's
high minus one tick okay you're going to
practice with that you're going to do it
with Market orders first so that way
you're going to time it with what this
does it helps you with your an
anticipatory uh price reading
skills it's better and it's more
efficient and and professional to use
limit orders I'm not trying to
discourage you in fact that's where you
should be going with this but it helps
you understand how to time the market
and how to read it with your Marketing
in when you start trading with your real
money should you ever decide to do that
the only time you should be really doing
Market orders is just to get out of
something that you need to protect your
money with okay I I'm a strong believer
that your exit should be on limits and
your entries should be on limits or on
on rare occasions buying on a stop or
selling on a stop and as an entry
mechanism into it you see what that was
there it was a stop hunt below that
short-term low the wick went all the way
down look where the body stopped above
first perced fair value got mid Gap
still is on the
table so lwh hanging fruit entry pricing
for a one contract
micro NASDAQ
micro e- mini SMP you're not trading the
mini so the micro it's $5 per handle or
point for the es if you're trading that
one or $2 per handle or point for the
NASDAQ a mini is $20 per handle so
there's the difference okay when you're
learning Caleb you're going to be
executing on the micro it's not about
the money it's about the the process of
Simply following the rules and
desensitizing
yourself it does not take long for
everyone else that's listening you're
all thinking I want to go into the uh
the mini I need to trade five contracts
on my funded account don't don't do that
because you're not equipping yourself to
trust what it is that you'll eventually
live by it'll be it's a very boring
process but if you make it exciting or
terrifying because it's going to be
either or when you when you're trading
with the monetized result you're not
going to learn
correctly you're not going to learn
you're going to learn to be fearful of
the outcome because you're dealing it
with a monetized reward or punishment at
the end of it versus you're only going
to be tape
reading and you're only going to be
doing
what one single micro contract in a demo
that's it and you're going to do that
for a little while until you get bored
with it there is no time limit but it
should be at least a month and right
away I've already lost most of you
because you don't want to put that much
time into this just
that but that's this is how you do it
okay you you you have plenty of data to
support it you have plenty of
opportunity to practice with it and you
need to desensitize yourself to the
outcome by simply doing it every single
opportunity you can in the charts live
and by doing that it strips away all the
fear and it takes away the rush I gotta
do I got to do it right now make money
because once you know what you're doing
and what you're looking for you're going
to find that they're always there every
single day and you there's no reason for
you to feel like I got to be trading
today I gotta get online right now I
can't miss trading today or if something
happens and it prevented you from
getting in front of the chards Caleb you
don't have this impulse that you know of
feeling regret or
just not being able to keep up with
everybody else which is something that's
synonymous in my group where new
students come in they feel like they got
to catch up right I got to keep up with
everybody else no you don't so I'm going
to show you the reverse real quick and
then we'll get into what you're here
for all right let's uh
do it like
this do it like this do it like
that I don't know why I got dougy fresh
in my head now that's old school what do
you know about that
ICT what do you know about that
bro all right so this would be
accomplished by taking Candlestick
number one's High the Candlestick number
three is
low and then
this would be on candle number three's
low as the
buy and change that to
Blue all right so same idea just Just In
Reverse When You're Expecting The Market
to go up some higher price okay and and
you're watching price deliver and you
see three candles one candle's moved and
delivered price the second one delivers
price higher that's key
okay then the third Candlestick trades
higher than number two's candle but
number three's candle's low does not
touch or overlap with candlestick number
one's high that Candlestick number two
in the middle that is your trigger
candle that is your fair value Gap if
you're long or looking to go long in
that instance you're going to use this
Candlestick number 3es low plus one tick
that's my entry that's how ICT enters
it if I am watching it and it trades
down and it gets into the upper quadrant
level here then I will add
more again this is just for completeness
sake I'm not trying to encourage any of
you to build positions and pyramid I'm
not telling you to do that okay I'm not
tell I'm not doing that so by
having the the market trade down to the
upper quadrant and it's low as the
midpoint or consequent encroachment of
this Gap that separates Candlestick
number one to Candlestick number two
this whole pattern here is this right
here this is Candlestick number one
Candlestick number two in the middle
that's shaded with the blue box around
it and this is Candlestick number three
this one okay so and in a full diagram
it's that Candlestick right there is
this
one so if
we look at it like
this I'm going to elongate this make it
a little bit taller so we can see
it I already in some people's eyes talk
too much but I promise
you I've already taught you exactly what
most of you been wanting to know about
how to trade fair value gaps and where
to place a stop loss and how it should
form and that's what I'm here for not
the Jokers that want to find something
to talk
about so because we're using the volume
in Balance here that's how you would
draw down to here where I'm using the
high here if there is is a volume IM
balance which is a separation between
the previous candle body and the next
candle that makes the fair value
G that little separation always include
that you'll have better you'll have
better uh determination of the
consequent encroachment level which is
important like that's that's your most
important level because what you're
watching for is you want to see the
opposite of what I said earlier when we
were looking at the sell or shorting
opportunity for a fair value gu we want
to see the consequent encroachment in
the lower portion traded to and that's
your best entry because you want to see
the upper half of it left open and if it
does it means it's really really bearish
what do you think's going to happen on
the times when you're
bullish the ivl entries are going to
form in the midpoint of the
Gap
to number three candle low and you want
to see that lower half stay open not
traded to it can Wick down in there if
it does trade to the midpoint I'm going
to add more if it trades down to the
lower quadrant I'm going to add more if
I can see it touch this down here I'm
going to add more I'm going to keep
adding to that because my stop loss is
going to be below Candlestick number
two's low now apply that same logic over
here we did all this live mind you the
this number two Candlestick that's the
fair value got the market drops down to
this candlestick's Price Plus One tick
you would have been filled right there
the heat on that trade is your fill
would have been approximately 404 and 34
well just call 405 say you got slipped
okay something happened you got in there
you didn't do it exactly right but
you're in at
19405 even the low of that
Candlestick see I just see what happened
every single time I go to a Candlestick
it jumps all right so the low of this
Candlestick right there comes in at
41.75 so that's
3.75 handles draw down
so 3 * 20 is
60 just call it less than like 70 bucks
70 bucks heat if you're trading with One
Mini that's how much draw down you
absorbed before it turn around started
going in your favor and it went just
short of what price level that's that
upper quadrant level that price is
41.25 what is the low of that
candlestick 41.25
there is no zones okay it's very
specific prices we're looking for very
very specific things in price because if
there is an algorithm for people that
don't believe there is then it would be
repeating the same phenomenon and
respecting very specific levels that we
can predetermine as favorable or
unfavorable right did it leave the lower
half of that Gap open yes it did it
didn't even touch the middle consequent
encroachment level so what does that
mean it's bullish so that means you can
trust that once it gets into this little
new day opening Gap up here it's going
to do what it's going to accumulate it's
going to roll
higher cleared the minor buy side I gave
you there now it's accumulating again
we're sitting inside of a pool of
liquidity
here after taking this Judith swing ride
lower consequent encroachment we've
missed the 70% uh
rule hitting it in the first 30 minutes
it doesn't mean just throw it out the
window it just means that it's most
likely 7% of the time after 9:30 opening
bell if there's a large
gap middle of that Gap whatever that
width of the Gap is from previous day's
settlement to the first opening price at
9:30 half of that Gap 70% of the time
gets hit by 10 o'clock here we don't see
it we've since I've been doing the
mentorship and teach and taught it to
you we've seen one or two times where it
hasn't done it but eventually it gets
hit so you just got to relax and
just submit to the idea that it's still
on the table to be taken okay now
because we've spent this much time
accumulating around the first presented
Fair got look at the bodies we Wicked
down through but look at the bodies are
showing you it's respecting it right so
if we can manage to get above mid Gap
I'd like to see it accelerate and move
higher not just I don't want to see it
do this like Wick above it and and come
back down that's I'm not interested in
something like that I would rather see
it trade up above it and start building
things like the fair value Gap here uh
the Gap in here we went down and worked
the lower half of this one which I told
you was going to fail it wasn't going to
it wasn't going to provide a selloff and
anybody else out there that thinks they
understand imbalances and stuff they may
have looked at that said yes you know
this is a short it's not
even though you were looking at probably
all these wicks in here and these you
call these dois Steve nielson's class of
uh students would have been looking at
that and saying yeah see it's it's
rejecting that no it's not it's
accumulating it's accumulating I'll show
you in a second just relax let me get a
drink the let me go real quick over here
so I can get rid of this
diagram the
entries I my entry for a bullish fair
value Gap is I'm one tick entri entry
one tick entering above number three
candles low and if I don't find a way to
get in like that like say I miss it or I
I'm doing something you know I my wife
gets my attention my dogs got out like
this morning I had to make sure my wife
could get Scout in because she's a
little
unruly she's like the brat the uh
something keeps me from getting into the
tra at that very moment I would rather
have gotten into it if I was watching
chart and say the market is now just
below it as soon as I see it like that
I'm in it like that I'm not messing
around with it I'm just Marketing in I
need to be in there because that's what
I'm looking for now that might sound
like oh you're rushing to get money no
I'm rushing to get in something I
already would have been in it's not like
I'm chasing where it's going up already
it's offering me a better price that I
was willing to pay for a buy but I just
wasn't there to capture that buy so now
I have the the wonderful opportunity of
getting it at a deeper discount so I'm
going to go and R at the market if it
can touch the upper quadrant I'll buy
that too if it touches the consequent
encroachment I'll buy that too anything
less than that I'm going to do one or
two
contracts that's all I'm going to do
because I don't want to build it bigger
because down here in the lower half I
don't want to see it spend a lot of time
down there if it does that at all the
ideal scenario is when price is up here
and you expect it to drop down because
you think it's going to go up into a
longer higher time frame
Target just use this example right here
because this is exactly what we're
diagramming there in that little
handdrawn version of
it take this off for a second so you can
see so this here is
this trying to draw red button snap to
the
the magnet draws the little drawing
things make some jump to
it there we are so in an ideal scenario
this is what this is Candlestick number
one is this Candlestick right here
that's Candlestick number one right
there a green candle Candlestick number
two which is the fair value Gap candle
that's this one and Candlestick number
three over here that's this one so that
Candlestick low plus one tick in that
case it would be
19,44 point2 five that's where I would
be
entering that's that's all I got to get
in I got to get in there and I don't
care that I'm gonna have a little bit of
draw down in this because my belief
is I'm not going to see likely any
movement into the lower half that fair B
guy see what I'm saying like Chris Lori
doesn't teach this and everybody thinks
that I'm rebranding that stuff I made a
factious comment on Twitter this morning
I said this brushed up on some trading
books and I got some new things I can
rename and that was sarcasm clearly okay
people have common sense but there's
nothing being repackaged here there's no
school of thought out there that tells
you to look at candlesticks like I'm
teaching you and expect them to stay
open that's never been a thing in any
anybody's discipline it's never been
there but I'm telling you that's what
the algorithm does there's a thing that
goes on behind the scenes that I'm not
going to tell you that but visually you
can see when it's doing it a lot of
times now there are other times when
it's doing it you can't see it in price
action I'm aware of what's going on but
you aren't going to be able to see it so
I can't teach a concept that shows you
every instance of it but do you need
anything more if this is all you ever
learned how to do you are already light
years ahead of everybody else out there
everybody out everybody put anybody
else's name in there you're already
beating their ass in terms of precision
knowing what to look for you're not
freaking out you know where to place
your stop loss 90% of these mentors out
there don't even use a stop loss they
don't even know what they're using they
have to use a stop they they're scared
to death of it getting hit I'm not
afraid of that you're not learning how
to be afraid of that Caleb you're not
afraid of getting stopped out because I
just told you in this lecture too
because if you get stopped out with a
fair value Gap it tells you you're
probably watching the formation of an
inversion Fair Gap and inversion Fair
Gap is just going the other direction
and you can trade with half the size you
took a loss on and make that back and
more and not even worry about it you're
not even worried why are you all fearful
you're trying to avoid losing you don't
need to Fe you don't need to feel that
so entries here new entry there or if
you don't get that entry if you I don't
know you're scared you're just now
practicing for the first time okay and
you see it touch the upper crossant then
go in and just do it at the market but
you want to do it as it's hitting it
when price is dropping into this
level in this halfway point of the Gap
that measures number one canle High
number candle number number three candle
low that range half of that everything
from this price point the
midpoint which would in this case would
be 19365 and a quarter to 19378 even
anything in that range is fair game to
be a buyer but not just any old any old
Price look at the quadrants when you're
grading in an inefficiency or you grade
a wick like I'm teaching you you there's
a rhyme and a reason to what I'm
teaching you it's not just well we're
Ambiguously any level is going to
eventually get hit that's the that's the
ass's version of what I'm doing they'll
say he has an excuse for anything no I
have a science behind what I'm doing I
know exactly what I'm doing I'm not
winging it everything holds up and I'm
never I'm never changing the logic I'm
actually bringing you more depth and
more Precision elements to what it is
that I do and you're not entitled to it
so the best buys are in that upper half
of that fair value Gap because we want
to see this portion in an Ideal World in
a perfect world in an ICT
world you want to
see this gu AR you want to see uh this
right
here and I got to take that that midline
thing off and I'll get to pop up
that's the it's the quadrant I'm
sorry
so yeah ideal scenario when we get
another candle that drops down in this
fair value Gap it's the upper half the
blue shaded area like we have right here
in this example any Candlestick that
drops down in there we don't want to see
it spending a lot of time in there we
want to see one at most two times better
if it's just once entering it like that
and if you can start the run after going
in just the upper half feel confident
that the lower half stays open for your
benefit of knowing that you're on side
now does that mean you're never going to
get stopped out no it just means that
your your confidence should increase and
your level of uncertainty or DET
trepidation that you feel about
potentially getting stopped out with
your stop loss down here below the fair
Val got low it should be minimized as it
moves further and further and further
away from the fair value G and you see
this happen happening right here and
just look at the other lectures the live
streams from this playlist in 2024 I'm
telling you that fair value gaps and
anything that acts like an inefficiency
like a
wick if the wick is going to be bullish
we want to see the upper half of the
wick keep price from Trading into the
lower half of the wick regardless if the
wick is above a candle's body or below a
candle's body it's the same thing you
know they call these Wicks and then
below it's a
tail I don't even go that far I'm
looking at a wick wherever it's at and
if it's above market price then that
Wick's going to be a premium array if
it's below price then it's going to be a
discount array so if it's a discount
array the same thing I'm teaching you
about the fairbay Gap my PD arrays work
with the Wix the same way it's very
simple it's not a very complicated thing
it's complicated if it's the first time
you've been introduced to it and I I'll
submit that you know that's that's true
but I'm not trying to make something
harder to hide it from you it's just you
haven't spent enough time going through
lectures and watching me actually do it
so I can take all this mumbo jumbo off
me I'll give you a chance to get a
screenshot of that if you want it you
can draw your annotations on it okay so
this here is the same thing as this in a
real Market environment
or as close as I can get it to to appear
is the crude diagram I drew out there
you go so that's this okay and the entry
would be as another candle comes down
and look how uh look how fast it did
here that's also a clue if soon as the
Candlestick creates the fair value Gap
if the next candle number four drops in
and he starts running chances are
stronger that this lower half will stay
open and you really will feel confident
enough to if you're recording you'll do
the same same thing I do a lot I'll say
I want to see this stay open or remain
unfilled that's that's usually what you
see me typing out when I'm recording my
executions um it could be you know a
little bit of time before the market
eventually comes back down into that
fair value Gap and the same thing would
appear in terms of the logic so nothing
changes there but when they give it to
you right away that means it's going to
be on on a fast track to get somewhere
quick and that's the by side I gave you
over here okay so um this is
also the lower quadrant to the opening
range Gap and let's go down to
uh the F minute chart real quick and
I'll pull this
up I'll show you what I mean by that it
seems like a whole lot of
juggling but I promise you it's just
because your first now learning it once
you do it a few times and you make a
general practice every single day you're
doing the same stuff you'll see it's
it's not hard it's not complicated and
you'll know what to look for and what
you're should be focusing on but
previous day settlement here which is
Friday that's where we stopped trading
there so you drop your FIB on that you
draw it down to the first opening tick
of the new day which is right now 9:30
and that's where I dro the FIB at this
level here is the lower quadrant this is
the midpoint or consequent encouragment
that's the level that 70% of time in the
first 30 minutes it will at least touch
that hasn't done it today and that's
okay we don't need it to in the upper
quadrant level and then the high this is
previous day settlement so we've went
above spent some time here on the lower
quadrant
level so back in the one minute
chart that's that lower quadrant level
there okay you see what it just went up
there and it just hung around
in that area and then broke lower traded
all the way down and through New Day
opening Gap from Friday again that's the
wrong date I hope the gentleman fixes
this
um this is the first one I ever looked
at I know there's a couple other coders
and students of mine that have invited
me to take a look at their stuff I will
this week I just can't do all of them at
one time so I just I'd like to use this
one first it was the first one in the
list of you know ones that were made
available to me and then here's first
presented Fair Gap after swiping below
that new day opening gap of Last
Friday and then
uh trading up into that then breaking
lower remaining heavy now we're back
down into this
inefficiency so I'm going to remove this
now hopefully it's
communicated clear enough for you to
move know what I'm talking about and
referring to if you watch my examples
now you'll understand a little bit more
what I was doing at the time of the
execution all righty now let's real
quick why did I tell you at the
beginning of the live stream this was
not a shorting
opportunity well
we had started the morning
consolidating this is electronic trading
hours right here so it's not regular
trading out so it spent a little bit of
time just Meandering sideways and then
it broke initially right
away after it had already
dropped from previous Friday settlement
price we had
already if we would have opened back
here at 906 or 84 9 that's significantly
lower than Friday's settlement price so
we were already set up to have a big gap
opening
lower and then if you have a lower gap
opening that's in the cards and then you
watch the 9:30 time window come to pass
and now here at 9:30 we open and they
just send it lower that's a Judith swing
you don't ever want to chase something
like that you're going to give up
trading opportunities and you're going
to see people share that they did oh get
this I caught a short that's
wonderful I'm I'm glad that that
somebody made money on that but Caleb I
don't want you thinking you need to do
that let it run out of steam let it run
out of gas it's not important you're
going to capture the trade that makes
sense for you and your model that's all
you're trying to do you're not trying to
trade somebody else's model you're not
trying to keep up with somebody else's
Equity curve you're not trying to
impress dad with doing it faster than
you think I think you should do it I
want you to do it at your own pace
slowly not trying to keep up but with
the Joneses not trying to make it
heavier it doesn't need to be heavier
lifting than it needs to be just based
on what you have to learn so don't
complicate it let the price run run when
you start seeing the market create a
swing
low this is your swing lad right here
what's that that's a
Candlestick right there lowest
Candlestick that has a higher low to the
right higher low to the left and then
you right at that point at that
candlestick's close there that opening
that's when I'm going back through all
of
this to look for inefficiencies to look
for order blocks to look for anything
like a short-term High where buy side
would rest well there is none of that in
this it's just a one straight shot lower
so that also is characteristic of a
Judah swing it's something fake they're
going to run right back over top of
that if you look at the range that was
created on this drop
down to that
low where is this in efficiency at know
words the thing I have't shaded here Bel
low this candlestick's low to this
candlestick's high this one single
Candlestick right there that is a fair
value gy it is a Cy a sells side and
balance byy side and efficiency but it's
in the lower half of the price drop from
the opening bell at 930 to create that
swing low and I I seen that as soon as
that candlestick closed and this one
started trading I said okay this one
here is fake and they rally it up into
that and they give you these little dois
and make you think wow it's going to
drop and I told you nope it's not going
to drop I'd rather see it trade higher
and once it trades higher it can come
back down in but stay inside the upper
half we just saw a mohawk right there
it's all we saw there it didn't go down
to the lower half once it left it which
is that's the that's the inefficiency
model that I'm teaching you that's how
you know behind the scenes the algorithm
is saying all right anybody that knows
this information quote unquote smart
money you're listening to them they're
going to expect that that's not going to
trade
lower and then it starts to Rally once
it leaves this
inefficiency you have several things you
can look for a return back into the top
of that inefficiency to treat that as a
discount array in other words come down
hit it and repel it higher I'm going
take this off
or what do we have in price what's
what's in this area right here what do
you
see see that big
wick see this inefficiency first let me
this real
quick with the volume of
balance the tallest Wick right
there
watch this Candlestick leaves this
inefficiency the way we were looking for
it to do it higher not
lower so it's failed because it's in the
lower half now if this
inefficiency was all over lapping
candlesticks but then this one was there
then I would say if it got to here then
I would look to I would look for it to
sell off a little bit may not need to
take out the load at form there but that
would be one that could be tradable and
I'll show you examples of that today
before we
close but here we have the consequent
encroachment of this Wick right there so
that means when this Candlestick went up
here and stopped the next one we opened
it's reasonable to anticipate it to do
what trade down to this candlestick's
midpoint or consequent encroachment to
two what to to send price higher because
this is a discount
array and price goes higher and then we
get that fair value C that we've been
talking about all
morning what is this you trade down into
it inversion fair value G sends it where
lower what color is it everybody knows
what I'm teaching about inversion VAR
got is an orange Hue that means when it
goes down through it it's going to treat
it as not as a buying
opportunity see anybody else if I would
have had it like
this and I didn't say anything you would
have thought oh he's he's signaling that
it's going to go higher but what color I
hurry up make it Orange it's going to
treat it as what it's going to go down
into this inefficiency not to create a
buy but to
fail so this is why I'm telling you I've
seen so many people and you got to let
me get this off my chest because it's
it's it's irritating and it's doing a
disservice to the community and it makes
my stuff look like it's not correct or
precise because other people don't know
what they're doing with these things and
they're trying to teach it they're
trying to sell it in courses you can't
do what I'm doing here you have no idea
what I'm doing I'm teaching you so that
way I can help my students they are not
your students they're mine they're
paying you I'm not getting anything from
it but the piece of Mind knowing that
you're going to par it what I'm saying
if you're doing it correctly you're
going to say everything I'm teaching
correctly and then my students are going
to do well and you're going to get the
uh Applause for it and you're going to
get to pay for but I'm going to be able
to sleep at night cuz I know that
they're not going to lose their ass
because you don't know what you're
talking about so that's why I get upset
because people are out there trying to
teach something they don't know you
don't know what it is you don't know how
to do it you can talk about it in
hindsight only I am not out here
hindsight in it I'm telling you what the
[__] going to happen before it does it
how it should behave because it's very
very frustrating when I see emails from
people saying I lost money trying to
learn from this person that's teaching
your stuff and then I watched your live
streams and live sessions and you're
doing it right in front of us and
explaining it and it's so much more
better it's more believable when it's
shown real time and that's all I'm
demonstrating here I already know people
are going to take this stuff and teach
it and I just want you to do it the
right way I can't stop you from teaching
you I can't but what I can do is put a
spotlight on you in social media and say
you're a fool of [__] stop doing that
because it ain't accurate it's not real
and you're either putting my name
against something that I don't stand
with or you're pretending that you know
something that I've only introduced I've
only introduced these
Concepts so I'm the one that's being
responsible with the students not
you so and getting if if this is the
only fair value Gap that exists below
the halfway point of that drop lower and
it's the fact that we dropped straight
from the opening that's what told me
that that that Gap is not something to
go short on it is something that you
expected to go higher and you can see
the traps okay you know there's these
goobers out there that used to use my
leaked content and they rebranded it WWA
guys yeah there's your plug um they're
full of [__] so they took my stuff and
rebranded stuff and turned a order block
into a w-e block now who the [__]
gonna want to trade a w-e
block w-e a Walmart block
okay come on roll back the prices right
so
anyway when when you see these people
and people like them that want to make a
name for themselves and take shots okay
I'm the one that's going to tell you the
logic that works and when you see retail
logic like these does that are forming
in here these Wicks that people will say
hey that's rejection it's rejecting that
and it's also one of those liquidity
boyss it came back up and fill this
inefficiency and I'm telling you live
stream that that's not what's going to
happen the opposite going to happen so
I'm looking for retail traps I know how
a Time Distortion will make Traders say
the chop is real and get all screwed up
or not take a trade at all when I can go
in there and I can see what it's doing
and I can engage in I can trade with it
my students can trade with it not all of
them but they're
learning you can see right away why
there is a sense of authority when I'm
talking when I'm teaching and when I'm
reviewing things that I have authored
and I can talk about before it happens
because I know I'm talking about and
it's my
logic because I have that and I also
understand because I started as a retail
thinking Trader everything that is
taught in every retail teacher course or
book I am I know about it I wasted
thousands and thousands and thousands of
dollars on that [__] and the only thing
it does it gives me a chess
match I'm Bobby fish
fer and this is the guy that just
stopped playing checkers and bought his
first chess book that that's that's the
that's the moments I'm looking for and
that's what we were looking at here when
we see these little wicks in here and
everybody else that thinks they
understand inefficiencies because it
went up there like that they think it
wants to go where lower and I'm telling
you the logic is no because right at
9:30 it dropped initially straight
down when we already was expecting a
lower gap opening
from Friday's settlement price so it's
already going to be open at a real real
deep discount price and then add to it
it opens and sells off that's the public
selling it they're chasing they're going
to sell short sell short and anything
that they see as a reason to get short
they're going to take it and what do
they do they lay the bait for them does
does inside of an
inefficiency uh-uh no thank you go ahead
and take that cheese go ahead go for it
because you're going to get the metal
behind your neck and then I'm going to
come over here and tell you it's going
to go higher and I get the cheese and I
run away and I run to the minor buy side
in the direction of the halfway point of
the opening range Gap that need not be
filled or delivered to because you have
an opportunity to take this trade to the
first presented fair value Gap that
could be your target that would have
been filled right there what if what if
that's all you decide to do Caleb is
there something wrong with
that no
there's nothing wrong with that it's
actually a low hanging fruit objective
because the draw would be high of day
opening
price buy Side Lower quadrant of the
opening range Gap mid Gap they're all
potential areas where a partial could be
taken or any one of them could be your
Terminus your end
Target so I'm providing you where the
Market's going to draw to but you decide
how you're going to frame it is it going
to be the easiest one to get out of and
be done
that's what all of you should
do starting there the easiest exit point
that you can see that you can
comfortably wait for and get in the
easiest first opportunity low hanging
fruit entry mechanism and I taught that
to you here today okay exiting you're
looking for the easiest exit if you're
if you're expecting it to trade higher
here well what's the first Gap that's
this one here
the liquidity
here the lower
quadrant opening range consequent crment
the the midpoint of the opening range
Gap the difference between FR settlement
price and the opening ticket 930 on this
Candlestick right there which
technically now that I look at that I
just made a mistake and probably you're
probably all saying it screaming and
probably even tweeting it to me or
leaving comments on my most recent post
that's not the uh first Fair back and
you you'd be right and I didn't look at
the time I'm sorry it's my mistake
that's their very first PIR G so I
apologize
there it can't be on your 9:30 candle it
can only appear at 9:31 or after so this
is your very first Fair Val you g so I I
was incorrect by saying all that stuff
but then they had that excuse me you had
the Gap that we've been talking about
that's inside that so that's kind of NE
interesting isn't it but the the
targeting aspect of what you're looking
for from where you expect price to run
from to where it's going to gravitate to
in that first 10 I'm sorry first 30
minutes to 10 o'clock you're always
looking for an opportunity for it to try
to get to the halfway guy so consequent
caching of the opening range Gap in my
mind that is my always first draw I want
to see that because there's a 70% chance
that's likely to
happen if there's something before this
level
like these smooth highs the opening
price which is a static it's not some
Zone it's a very specific price level if
you aimed for that that's that's that's
a good level and you have the first very
the first VAR up here so is does that
give you much room leaving this area
here where we said it live that this
wasn't going to be a sell it's actually
something you want to see it trade
higher from it doesn't give you much
room to profit so that's not that all
that important so because we're thinking
it's going to go up to opening range Gap
how can you use this inefficiency here
if you didn't look at the fair bag G
like I outlined it when it was happening
and you were looking at this correctly
because I made the mistake of not
recognizing that that was the 9:30
candle but I'm teaching as I'm doing it
too so it's a whole lot of things going
on and I'm doing it over a one minute
chart so it's not as easy as it looks
and if you think it is do it I'd love to
watch your live stream the and I promise
I won't troll you the uh Gap in
here this drop down into that fair value
Gap is also tap
into this gap which is if we're
expecting it to go higher here is this
Gap a
sell no why because the opening range
Gap midpoint or consequent encroachment
is up here it's still likely to be
traded
to here what time is that it's 9:48 what
time is this Candlestick when it would
it gave you a buy based on everything
we've been talking about in this live
stream it's 950 what is that macro
time 10 minutes to 10 to 10 minutes
after 10 that's your macro it's going to
do what run to inefficiency or run to
liquidity okay well we know that bias
wise it's likely to draw up to half of
the
Gap some of you probably a lot of you
are looking at the fact that we didn't
get there and you're thinking it doesn't
work it doesn't work it's the draw it's
the direction the first initial draw how
do you know which side the market to
trade on I'm teaching that it doesn't
need to trade to these levels 70% of the
time is not 100% of the time so how do
you find something that's profitable in
in that that
model if you see this as the first fair
value got and we I didn't even need to
frame any of this on that I was framing
on the basis of watching this one
form so this it just adds to it that
that is not necessary but let's just say
that you saw it as the first fair value
got and we're expecting it to straight
up to the opening range Gap consequent
crage from midpoint and attack the
smooth highs well then you would expect
it to trade through this Gap here and do
what find a support treat it as a
discount array and rally
higher at the time when we were watching
it uh we were looking at how these these
candles shared the same space between
the two one was offering it to the
downside one was offering it to the
upside so this is treated as a balanced
price
range and the market rallies
tier attacks the buy side the lower
quadrant level of the opening range Gap
and then did not trade to opening range
Gap consequent encroachment but what
what did they leave
here what's up
here now that's
primary buy side liquidity
why is this
primary H me in my head because we
cleared a higher high of the day this is
initial highday at 9:30 drop Judas
rallies over top all that price action
reaches into lower quadrant fails to get
the opening range consequent
encouragement of that Gap and then they
leave High lower high that's a valid
trap so traders that are trying to go
short they they orders to protect that
short are resting right there it need
not trade it to it today but you have to
have that level as a key level until we
go through it this
week that's a level that I have in my
notepad give me a
second 19463
if you don't if you don't have a pad a
writing instrument next to you while
you're watching price action you're
doing it wrong because if it only
appears inside your
chart you're not doing it right like I
look at the raw numbers when I'm done
like I'm I'm away from the charts I I
look at the raw numbers and I think to
myself how they might use it in the next
session which is the lunch macro and
then I look at how the numbers are used
for the afternoon and and I I formulate
a possible scenario because I know this
is the high of the day now and they
formed it with relative equal highs
we've
broken this this is this was initially
what minor cell side I didn't label it
because I'm still I was actively
teaching but this has now been broken so
that minor cell side that would have
been annotated as such this now is
primary cell side because it's taken out
the initial low of the day so here's
primary sell side primary Buy side
because it's taken out a high here and
this low is taken out here so to take
out this low is a much more meaningful
event it doesn't mean it can't soup
it just means that it's a lot more
meaningful how we trade around
it I'll explain this second I
toate it
bottom left
now because we've taken this low out
with this drop down we rallied
up consequent encroachment of this Gap
over here when we traded down through it
here you see how it offered it as a
premium array and then sold off into
this inefficiency right here there see
that now that we're ring above I would
like to see this now with the color that
it is here I'd like to see it be treated
as a reclaimed fair value Gap so where
we would have expected initially if we
were not fully understanding what it is
that goes on in the
marketplace the first time it drops into
that someone might think that okay
that's one of those ICT buys when that's
the that's the draw there and we knew
that when this was a inversion fairb Gap
earlier we sold off from here to here
into that fairb Gap that is a trade
setup that I think that my son would do
well with it's a real easy bread and
butter type setup now that we rally back
Above This Gap over here I want to see
this act as an inversion fair value Gap
it need not trade to it but if it does
if it trades down into it we can use
that as a stepping stone to see if we
can get to the buy side that's a minor
buy side right in here that's highs
and because you have this inefficiency
over here you want to drag that over
too and both of these
areas in here I'm going to watch to see
if they can find some support at them or
inside of them or if we quickly run into
this down closed candle here this down
Clos candle should not see its halfway
point or mean threshold traded to if it
does it's it's not good and that means
that most likely we're probably going to
go lower and probably trade lower for
the duration into the lunch hours
and where we're at right now I would be
more I would be more comfortable looking
for it to try to trade up into that
minor buy side that I have annotated
here because that would be a little stop
hunt inside of the run from here down
the only time we've had a a stop hunt
we've done it on this little Wick I
don't like that I want to see a bodied
swing High something like this versus
something like that because we already
hit that we went lower excuse me and
then we ride back up we haven't taken
this High out yet yet but we're
respecting the lower
half of this inefficiency by definition
that's actually indicating it's weak
so you have to stop and think for
yourself what has the most money been
made on most
recently would you say being long or
being
short because this is what you do when
you trade the lunch macro I'm going to
be with you till noon today so we're
going to have this a little bit longer
one today and each day the rest of the
week it'll be shorter because I'm just
going in and taking one or two setups
and then closing the session now because
that's what I want my son to do get in
get his and go home so yeah we went down
into half of this gap between this
candlestick's high that candlestick's
low and the bodies just went outside of
that inefficiency is low over
here so it's left that lower portion
open so if we can soon as we trade Above
This High here that cancels all this
remove uh not move this inability to
move to the upper half up here of this
inefficiency now I can imagine when I
first started talking about this to
Caleb you know I was thinking this is
going to be real easy for me to explain
to him and as I started to explain it
and the the daring headlights look on
his
face was like oh this isn't going to be
as easy as I thought it was for you to
pick it up and I I I started the second
guess myself as a as a teacher for
the very reasons of not feeling
comfortable reaching for the words I
thought were going to be easy for him to
grasp and say oh yeah I could see that
that and I I guess it's me
taking light of how long I've been doing
it I I naturally think that it should be
everybody you know if I'm going to sit
down with you one-on-one it should be
real easy for you to do it and it's it's
a
little disheartening to see how when I
start to do it oneon-one again it's like
it's not as easy as I want it to be for
them and it's because it's my son I
really really want him to pick it up
easy and still it requires some work
ethic and effort and First Learning the
language so you can see right away like
by me having all these things on my
chart which is what you're not used to
seeing me
do you have to see the the dynamic
around how the Market's operating in
them otherwise you're not going going to
fully appreciate it and when you're
looking at your charts and your back
testing like I said I prefer to see this
inefficiency support price I like the
fact that we haven't broke down yet but
if it does and the midpoint of this down
close candle sets the stage for a run
below that I'm I'm looking at these
highs here as they're trying to trust or
build in trust that anyone that's short
they're going to want to drop their stop
loss down here and if that happens to be
the case they may take out that low or
this low and then run for that area
because it'll give them reasons to buy
below this low if they take it below
that Lo they can buy that and then start
Distributing those Longs here then here
and work inside all this range back up
to New Day opening
Gap and what I just did there is
probably like how did you get to that
that's experience but you don't need
that not in the beginning because you
don't have any to work with Caleb you
have to get this every single day like
in the charts you just want the obvious
easy setups the ones you can see clearly
if it's not obvious you can't be mad
about it when you missed it and as you
do this more and more for all everyone
else let a block right
there so since we tapped it it needs to
start
delivering above here any failure go
lower sets a stage for a run lower into
that and then we could probably just
keep dipping lower into it
into a lower daily
range it say oh the the most obvious
runs where the market is clearly in the
first 30 minutes you have a lot of
Advantage knowing where if there's a
large range Gap that halfway point of
that Gap is such an easy just man that's
like it's an obvious thing it's
obvious it doesn't mean you're going to
be right every single time trying to
trade for it but if that's where you're
going to start with as your foundation
it's going to serve you very very well
and in this case you saw that we had the
buy side it went to that lower quadrant
went to that and it just fell short of
Open Range Gap consequent cor which is
still
here so what I'm looking at is I'm
seeing how we left those smooth highs
mid Gap is still up here has hasn't been
traded to we had a really nice
short-term low that was priced in
quickly we folded went lower took that
low out
here failed to go lower there but we're
building this little clean
area this Candlestick is to trigger
whether or not we see it go high or not
if it's going to go higher I don't care
about all the mess around here and I can
I can trade Above This this area if I
want if I want to go long to get this
smooth high in consequent encouragement
mid
Gap if I'm aiming for that if I'm
bullish that's what I'm aiming for I
don't have anything to do yet I'm trying
to stay with you long enough today to do
something I don't want to I don't want
to close the stream and not have pressed
the button that's what I'm doing if I
would have traded by now and took took a
trade and showed you where stop would be
where I'd look forward to run to I would
already close the stream out
but if it rolls through this consequent
or I'm sorry mean threshold this down
closed candle that's
this if it's bullish it shouldn't trade
and go Below on a closing basis no
Candlestick should close below this mean
threshold it can stab through it it can
theoretically stab all the way down and
match the same candlestick's low
it's bad it's not the best for something
like that to happen but in theory it can
do
that ideally the upper half should keep
price at Bay and not go lower if it's
bullish but if it can keep going down
and touch that midpoint that's
indicating that's it's not something
good now what what you're saying is is
what happens if you're buying that I'm
not trying to buy an order block today
I'm trying to trade the fair value cap
but I'm giving the logic around price
action until a fair value at forms that
I would be willing to take see that that
violates it and look how look how fast
it accelerated through the bottom of
it what you're looking at is how I'm
taking a order block to frame a
displacement higher or lower in that
next price run then I have to reassess
and see what what is it reaching for now
that it's done this expecting it to
fail that's part of using the PD arrays
because it gives you sit still or go the
other
direction in other words it gives you
the Rhyme or Reason where most Traders
most mentors out there that are out
there trying to teas they don't know
they don't know what they're doing
they're reacting to price they're
chasing price they momentum breakout
artists does not me all right so now we
have the potential of this little Fair
bag Gap right in here it's not there yet
but as long as we don't take out that
low right in here we might have
something to work with
it might not end up be coming a
immediate
rebalance immediate rebalance is coming
right back to this candlesticks low if
it touches that then the very next
candle or that candle usually will see
it
though running the same direction it was
moving
prior yeah not much of a got
now yeah i' I'd consider that immediate
rebalance I'm watching the wick in here
if it can stay in the lower half of it
and not trade it above it or an upper
half without taking out that high it
should roll right over and attack that
that low here
so if you were looking at this
candlestick like I was outlining
it if it was going to be bullish the
upper half of that to the midpoint
should be dealing well with price
supporting it if it trades to it its
Middle Point which is mean threshold it
indicates it's weak so now what happens
when you start trading up into that same
range
here it should stay in the lower half of
this Candlestick and then drop down and
attack that cell side right there
so there's all kinds of Trades here but
I'm forcing myself to operate on the
basis of just the fair value Gap you
gotta wait for the fair value Gap
for
so if you looked at this Wick here
that's consequent cion of that
Wick halfway so using the middle of the
order
block there and immediate rebounds
trading down to that that's something
that's tradable it's not something that
I like the trade obviously you guys see
I trade pretty big pretty big ranges in
the targets are not like 10 points or
something like that but I'm going to try
to find something before we close the
session I promise you I'm not closing
this session down until I push the
button
the the initial 15 handles or 20 handles
that's kind of like what I want to see
Caleb try to trade with if you can't
make at least 15 handles from it I don't
want him to be try to to take a trade in
it and if we get the formations that I'm
outlining for him I'll explain to you
what I'm looking for why it's why
because if it can't make at least 15
handles that means that means that 20
handles should be easy to see for my
target from where I'm trying to get in
at so from Target
to the entry there should be at least 20
handles run in between there that should
afford me the opportunity or by Theory
it should afford him 15 handles as a
profit objective I don't like the 10
handle stuff I mean you can if you want
to do that but if you look at Price
action 10 handles for some of you that
are probably wondering what that is
that's
this that's that's that's 10
handles that's static that's static
price action like it it could just be
moving around inside of a small little
consolidation and got not even going
anywh yet and that 10 handles you can
get stopped out and be right if you're
just trying to trade in you know
consolidations or time Distortion which
is basically what we're seeing here this
is all time
Distortion which is means you have to
sit and wait wait for them wait for them
to give you something obvious and right
now it's not obvious so you
wait so it would need to do something
like this give me a move that affords
me or him
specifically but while I execute in
front of you it has to give me this much
range
potential because I could still probably
fancy dance and get 15 handles out of
that and still if even if the trade
turns around I should be able to take 15
out of that but 10 handles like
that when you're when you have a market
that's moving around like this on a
day-by-day basis it's it's kind of it's
not worth it I'm not going to sit in
front of the charts just to get
something like that because the the risk
models that are associated with that in
a market like NQ you have a high degree
of probability of getting stopped out
with just that much movement against you
and you can still be right in the
direction but you have to afford
yourself a measure of risk and 10 10
handles for 10
handles just that's not what I want my
son to do let's put it that
way so we've taken out the southide here
now here's the order block this could
become reclaimed order block bullish
and run for the B side
here I like this if we can maintain that
it evaporated here so let me get this
out of the
way get this out of the
way all right so Caleb would
have a low that's taken out that low
here now we have this low that was taken
out here and we have clean
highs an undelivered half midway between
the opening range Gap high and low that
has not been traded to
today I'm drawing this the gap's not
there I'm just saying if it if it close
now now we have
it this candlesticks low
that candlestick's low to these equal
highs that is definitely what that's
enough handles
right and you start the clock from the
time of Entry
what time did you get in the trade how
much risk this is cand stick number
two stop goes below it here's your
Target and you just watch if it stops
you out you write down how long it took
to get stopped out how much draw down
you you took on the trade that would be
monetized how much money did you lose
then how fast did it take if it gets to
your target how fast did it get there
and you do this as many times as you can
afford to do it in in your study that's
all the lower time frames will give you
more opportunities so that we can do a
lot of these types of exercises it's not
a matter of being right or wrong it's a
matter of desensitizing yourself to it
you don't want to be in here trying to
be accurate on every single one because
it's not realistic for you Caleb you
don't you don't know what you're doing
you're testing the theory it's already
tried to go lower
why taking this low out here this low
was taken out here but this low did not
take out that low and we have clean
highs that could be easily trailed to
for buy stops that are used to more or
less to protect the people that are
short so all the movement
here anyone that's short up in here or
shorted there that's actually a nice one
as the market went lower they created
these smooth highs here and they took
price below here so traders that use
this as a sell stop to get
short their short position is triggered
to get them in when it went below that
low right
there so retail is thinking that it's
going to keep going lower because
they've watched what they've watched all
this movement go
lower and by having that breakout below
to the downside like that it it provides
them a a trust factor that is in a lot
of ways
it's like
bait I don't know how to describe any of
them the the word escapes me I'll
probably have a better
analogy once we close the stream out
but the you can reduce the the stop
now it should not go back inside of the
fair value Gap if it does that's fine
you have something that you can measure
it's not it's not something that's going
to always always paning out when you do
it with your Live account and going in
you're submitting yourself to what is
the market doing and what's it most
likely to do everybody primarily has
made money being short
today so it's reasonable to expect the
market will do what roll against those
positions that are in favor that means
the Market's going to try to go
against those that are in profit for the
purpose of taking them out of
it when you do these exercises Caleb
you're not trying to be right you're not
trying to show Dad you made this much
money there is no dollar targets that
you're not aiming for that you're not
aiming for a a harvest of certain number
of handles you're not trying to do those
types of things you're just simply
looking for an exercise where you've
taken entered reach for the take reach
for the trades objective and get out and
be done when I can find the balls to
trade in front of you I promise I'll
come out here and do it I promise you
when I know how to trade when I know
what the market going to do I promise
you I'm going to do it folks but you got
to give me chance to learn how to do I
got to read all these [__] books got
to watch all these other live streamers
learn how to do this stuff [__]
clams so now what do you do with the
information this is what you
do I'm going to take these off because I
want this chart to be
clean that would be a primary example of
just a first
partial okay one
partial
if you go to the next state say you've
been doing these examples or exercises
every single day for about two three
weeks and you feel comfortable with it
you don't you don't feel any anxiety you
don't feel any kind of U nervousness and
you shouldn't really because I mean it's
it's demo number one and you shouldn't
be sharing those results not with me
either don't share don't email me your
charts because I'm not going to open up
your charts I'm not going to open up
your videos okay I don't know what
you're sending me it could be a virus
I'm not I don't do those things but the
next stage of your testing and doing
drills is that you would look for above
here what was the next liquidity that's
this one here so this would be first
partial and then this would be Terminus
that's that's where you're going to grow
into Caleb you're going to look for a
first partial objective and then you're
going to look for a terance where you're
done and you don't need it to trade all
the way up to that mid Gap you don't
need it to trade back to its old highs
and attack
these these relative equal highs we
don't need that we don't need to see any
of that stuff
so if you can frame the
trade
minimum it's got to be able to move 20
handles
the range has to afford you rather I'm
sorry I didn't say that
right it's got to have at least this
much movement
potential where it can Traverse from one
price point where you expect to get in
to where you think it's going to reach
for and it need not even go to that
Target it has to afford you this much
range now we were down
here and I told you try to hammer it
with the market market order you're not
going to get this price as I'm going to
show you
here borrow
this why you guys make a big deal you'll
never you'll never see him tra I've
traded in front of people live in live
streams before okay I don't know why you
guys pretend like I don't do it don't do
it every time I live stream I'm not
afraid to do it this is I'm not
obligated to do it and what I'm teaching
at the time hasn't been entries this
week we're doing entries so this
candlestick's low all right look up
here it's this value right
here that is this Candlestick low that's
33925 so
19,0
33925 that's the ideal entry you're
trying to get at that price plus one
tick so that would be
19,33 n.5
that would be your ideal entry I'm off
by one and a half handles with my
fill am I saying that right got I got to
check myself here hold on my actual fill
was
342 I'm going make sure I don't say
anything incorrect because I'm giving
you very specific rules and it would be
very upsetting to me because my
obsessive compulsive disorder would
start
firing me keep this down here so you can
see trade up into that Minor by side
it's almost like time travel so
342 342 minus
33950 2.5 so two and a half handles so
that would
betimes $20 it's $50 in draw
down okay so the trade had 50
or not draw down uh the difference
between the actual fill and my target
the trade itself had basically no draw
down from the time of Entry it literally
was just hanging around and then took
off so how can we test that like how can
we test the amount of draw down that we
were in let me stay here long enough to
see that minor buy side hit first
you learning Pat ready to lose your
[__]
money oh you're about to
[Laughter]
be come
on that song Kiss Me always comes to uh
six pence None the
Richer and boom
who is your daddy you're damn right it's
Poppy ICT you watching that you watching
that over there on top step I'm whooping
his ass guys I'm whooping his ass so
anyway look at this uh from where we're
trying to get in
at right
there come on
now
there change that the green so we kind
of Flesh this out so Caleb can get a
feel for what I'm talking
about right so what I'm essentially
saying here is this is where I I saw the
price okay I saw that price let me St
let me stop for a second okay because I
know right now you're all giddy as [__]
you're like what the [__] it just
happened he did it live it worked
exactly like that it was perfect those
you're right it's every [__] time I
want it to be like this okay what you
need to grow into is doing it with out
that
excitement when it needs to be boring
focus on that because if we're if we're
meeting every day and you have that
feeling of excitement you're doing it
wrong you have to come in bored it's not
a [__] Rave it's not a dance party
none of that stuff should be going on
you're brand new you need it to be
boring so that way you can focus in on
what it is you're
learning because if you go in with
excited Mo you know lot of fevered pitch
emotions you can't think clearly you
won't be able to focus clearly and
you're going to be reacting to things
versus watching price deliver and is it
giving you the feedback I'm going to
cover in a second but as I mentioned
it's got to give you at least a 20
handle run of range potential what does
that
mean that's when that Candlestick closed
here the very next candle when it opened
up right at that price and it started to
drop down
I told you that you want to try to
hammer it and buy at the
market as it hits it because you want to
feel every bit of the emotion you want
to feel that emotional jump of Rush of
adrenaline because it's going to hit you
even though it's demo because you're
you're you're at that point you're at
the precipice of saying
okay I I need to see this work in my own
hands and you don't need to see it work
in your own hands when you first start
that's the whole point of this week
is to put you in front of the charts and
doing these exercises I'm literally
going to pick the wrong ones on purpose
because I want Caleb when he's watching
them there there's only sometimes he can
see them he has certain days off that
we'll afford him to watch it live today
he can't watch it live so he's got to
watch this recording after the fact so
I'm I'm G to do the ones I know but when
he's watching live I'm going to I'm
going to ask him to look at this
particular favorite you got and it may
or may not be something that you agree
with that's why I'm telling you and I
just remembered
[__] especially now you all love me now
right I'm all I'm everybody's daddy now
I was supposed to start the live stream
off with a warning you are not to you're
not to take the trades that I'm doing
okay please don't do that if you've
already sent me a comment either on
Twitter or left a comment in my
community post or my video
videos you will be the biggest help to
me if you don't share that you just made
money because what that's going to do is
going to get in my head and I'm going to
worry about all of you overleveraging
your account I I don't I don't want that
I know my [__] works I don't need
anybody else to confirm it for me but if
you have a fuzzy wo feels great and
you're all high five and leaning over to
the person next to man this [__]
knows how to trade keep that to yourself
please keep it to yourself okay I'm not
out here trying to be a signal service
this week but I completely forgot about
it and I apologize again that's the
second error today for
me I should have started this live
stream off with please don't take these
trades and trade with your real money or
your funded accounts please don't do
that and I don't want to hear the
feedback I don't want to hear that I
don't want to see it I don't want to
read it it's going to piss me off and I
promise you I will block you I will
never see another comment from you you
might think that it's something I want
to hear I don't want to see it I don't
want to read it you're welcome to share
that with everybody else but don't tag
me on it I don't want to see it okay so
that way we understand the dichotomy and
the the relationship boundaries here so
now with that out of the way I apologize
but I I really messed that up
today the
low is what I'm anchoring this 20 pip
range theoretically is what that means
so if I'm aiming for these relative
equal highs as a first partial Target
Target Caleb that means what I'm saying
is is this is where I want to hold my
faith in seeing the price reach up to I
believe that the market could reach up
to to knock out the stops that would be
trailed lower on anyone that's short and
I think I kind of explain that to you
and it should have been understandable
but now you can see how they did in fact
do that very
thing so the buy side here is your
initial draw from where you're trying to
get in at with that fair value Gap let
me let me take this away for a second
and I'm going to take the execution off
for a
second so from this candlestick's high
and that Candlestick right there is low
can you see that that's the that's a
fair value Gap but it's a buy side
imbalance cell signed
efficiency so if we think that it's
going to go up
here and we have this one single candle
all by itself it's sharing no
space or let me say it this way
this the space between this candle's
high and that candle's low is not being
shared in any other Candlestick after
it's formed and then on this Candlestick
it came down and touched this
candlestick's low which is 3
39.25 the next candle to the to the
right of it is see every single time
every single time that Candlestick is
the same price 3
39.25 so that's why I just went in at
the market cuz it would have been my
fill one tick above that which is what
33950 but can you see that that fair
value Gap is there were you here live
when I was explaining it to you watch it
watching it for him as soon as you see
this Candlestick close the next
Candlestick as soon as it opens up my
mind is immed bang I'm watching
that I want to see that price tick once
it books that price and offers it to me
Mark it in plus one tick obviously
so if it would have dropped
down into the halfway point that makes
this fair value got if it would have
went down into the halfway point level I
would say hypothetically this is where I
would add but I can't do it because I'm
giv an examples to Kaleb the practice he
cannot do more than one contract he has
to do at least two to three weeks of
doing this and it's not about being
right son I don't care that you take
losses it's not about that it's about
seeing it in the chart and engaging with
it because everybody's losing trades in
the beginning everybody's going to do it
wrong in the beginning but the way you
learn how to do it correctly is this
this is it now imagine how many pages
it's going to take for me to do what I
just did today in a book can't be done
the [__] thing would be it would be
huge and I would never be satisfied with
the delivery of how I would have to
explain it I can put static charts into
a book I can give you the details but
it's not the same as seeing it live
watching how [__] precise it is tell
me okay tell me how many times have you
been into a trade using anything else
and you get in and it's drawing against
you drawing against you you're going in
draw down or it's just sitting around it
won't move for you it's just sitting
around I don't [__] trade like that I
don't I don't trade like that I don't
want to be in trades like that I want to
know where the market is likely to move
it needs to move and it needs to be on
the basis of [__] time Dave time Mr
Anderson you are in the [__] Matrix
and you're listening to [__] Neo what
time what time is that
candle oh [__] that's the 1050 1110
macro holy [__] what did you say about
them macros ICT what did you say they're
going to do what they're going to run
for liquidity oh [__] what is that oh
[__] what is
that that's somebody knows what the
[__] going on that's somebody that
knows the future that's the one with the
authority so sit your Raven ass down so
right here we have a very very low draw
down entry that's perfect
perfect absolutely
perfect over time what you'll do is
you'll see
these gaps like this
and then you'll look and see if the
number one candle has a wick this is
extra credit and no extra charge if this
Candlestick I showed this to my uh my
private mentorship student this morning
I was whooping up on that that a long
short long I traded the Asian session
with them last night I traded the London
session with them I traded the New York
session with them and I just did this
one too
honey I know it just looks like it's too
good to be true I know it just looks
like that but I see red when I want to
see red
period this Wick right here you want to
see arrogance [__] I'm showing
it to you this Wick right
there there to there I'm going to take
the quadrants off I want to see somebody
trade like this I want to see somebody
trade like this I want to see it I want
to see next to zero draw down I want to
see Precision I want to see that [__] oh
bro shut up shut up bro show me your
after theact [__] [__] all that we're in
a different year now if your mentors are
not coming out here proving that they
know the algorithm they can do this kind
of [__] fire them [__] fire them
they're not worth your money and they
sure it's [__] a't worth your [__]
time this Wick right there consequent
encroachment you will learn over time
trusting this Caleb but you can't trust
it this the first few times that you see
it it needs to be months of it you won't
need to place your stop loss below the
number two candles low you can use one
tick below the consequent cion on that
Wick right there because it's a gap it's
two layers of gaps and it's already
likely to only trade in the upper half
and if we see it trade down here like
that and run up if you started your stop
loss there you can roll it just below
there and then as you
leave this High then you can place your
stop loss near the lower quadrant of the
fair value got and that's that's this
okay what I'm talking about it's this
you have have to always grade your
inefficiencies okay and by grading then
what you're doing is you're putting the
lower quadrant upper quadrant in like
that okay so when you're bullish the the
best perfect scenario is the market only
drops in to the upper half of the Gap it
leaves that lower half untouched and
that's indicating that it's extremely
bullish you're on side you don't need to
be afraid of getting stopped out you
don't even worry about your stop loss
it's there to do its job what you're
doing is you're watching price action
deliver does it take this short-term
High out yeah it runs right to
it opens does it overtake this W quickly
yep where's it drawing to the liquidity
I told you
to and it Ries up and it consolidates
it's
consolidating where inside
liquidity inside the proximity of where
these minor buy stops
were that's byy side liquidity it's
accumulating what new Longs the descend
it up into the minor bu side I gave you
here and they had this little move here
now I want to take you into
a 15 second
chart
here have you ever seen ICT take a trade
live you never see ICT ever take a trade
live you never see him explain this
stuff these guys's a fraud he is such a
fraud this guy is such a fraud don't
ever never ever ever listen to ICT ever
don't ever do that all right so here is
the fill right
here where's the little tick at there it
is if you look real close right right
where I'm showing my cursor moving
around you'll see the little carrot
thing pop up right there you see that
that's my actual
fill so the market opened on that
Candlestick and went down I'm actually
going to go into a one second chart
one
second
then you having fun
today so many people he ain't G to trade
watch he's going to get sick he's gonna
get the flu something's going to happen
he's gonna get uh laryngitis he's
goingon to lose his ability to speak his
internet's going to go
[Laughter]
down well [__] you got all kinds of
things that you're going to make us a
conjecture was what are you going to say
now what are you going to say now bro
all right so what we're doing is looking
at that little tiny little Candlestick
right there you see that right there so
from that entry on that Candlestick
right at we'll just call it the high
that one okay this is the lowest tick
right there that price
is
34.25 so literally
75 or
1.75 less than two handles draw down in
seconds in literally seconds of draw
down in terms of time and then the
market starts delivering them on my in
my
favor so that you may not need to do
this much information but I always did
like I wanted to see exactly how much
time it took for my trades because you
you don't trade like
this doing what everybody else does if
you're doing what everybody else does
you're you're never going to have these
kind of results you need to be doing
things that are extraordinary that means
journaling that means logging all the
data how much time did it take for you
to move to profit well we're we're back
on a one minute chart so in this
Candlestick here at
1109 so inside the macro of 1050 to 1110
there is no algorithm right that's
everybody going to say there's no
algorithm you're listening to them the
Candlestick here that's one minute two
three four minutes goes to Target bang
if you're going to do the drill like
this and once you get because I'm not
going to do this for weeks it's just
this
week when you're studying Caleb to do
your final
Terminus and you're in other words
you're looking for two stages of exits
you're always going to look for one easy
objective to reach for that's your first
partial and then where's your exit and
you're done for the day that would be
here so how long did it take to get to
that so you entry candles count that as
one so that's one minute two 3 four five
six seven eight nine in 10
minutes 10 minutes so for $40 worth of
heat or less we'll call it 50 bucks if
it was uh
say you're using amp Global as your
broker okay I'm not repping them but I
have experience with them and I don't
you know I don't do funded account
companies but they charge with fees per
contract it's $10 okay you can argue and
complain about whatever that is in terms
of what you think is Affordable or not
but that's it is what it is so if you
factor that in it's $50 total expense to
make what was it 600 bucks or whatever
and you can see it's a paper trading
account
for the
uh compliance I'm not acting as a
financial
adviser I'm not running a signal service
I'm not claiming this was done with real
money but I'm showing you with live data
in front of everybody I'm sure I
probably have a pretty sizable audience
today because they all want to come out
and see me fail this is done with real
live price it's nothing Market
replay and to only have $50 total cost
in draw down to make
$630 oneway ticket just like that no
heat none of that [__] show me what your
Mentor can do because I've been barking
for years and years and years and
there's still sitting on the [__]
porch so 20 handles here 20 handles
that's enough to take that trade you can
afford to take that trade Caleb because
if your Target's above that that's this
is a really good setup because it's
literally almost twice as much that you
need in terms of the range so where
you're trying to get in the trade and
where you're hoping to get
out as your first Target it has to at
least have this much room okay and 20
handles is what's what's being shown
here so numerically it'd be
19,360 to 19,000 to 340 that's 20
handles okay or 80
ticks so I don't I don't think I need to
do anything more today but we'll be back
at it tomorrow I I'm not going to be
doing them
long like the these sessions are going
to be rather uh concise because I don't
want people getting hopped up on
goofballs wanting to have trade after
trade after I know you're not listening
to me you're going to take a trade and
you're going to get hurt this week if
you do I promise you you are going to
get hurt if you do it but today this
threw your bone
because I just want to twist the
knife I just want just one twisted ni a
little bit and look them in their eyes
and say what was that you were saying
about what who's going to can't do what
do this don't talk about scribble and
[__] on and charts and talk about this
and talking about that push a [__]
button explain why it's going to do it
every individual candle make it so tight
very little draw down and let it work in
front of everybody I didn't just learn
this folks I didn't just Discover it
I've been doing this for a long long
time and I can do this in court I can do
this on TV I can do this every [__]
day anytime I want to do it I can do I
can do that and when you learn how to do
it I can't wait to watch you I cannot
wait to watch you do it because I know
there's an army of you now that got your
asses all fired up today and yes that's
a tiny little tiny little fluctuation of
a move that's all that's very little but
I guarantee you the people that's going
to talk [__] or has talked [__] they'll
never be able to duplicate that they'll
never explain to you why it's going to
happen through the very minute on the
Bas I've already taught you the macro
it's going to do these things at these
times these times because there is an
algorithm whether you want to believe it
or not it is there it is delivering
price and it doesn't matter how much
buying and selling is going on it's
going to price to these levels because
it's scripted to do so and yes there
will be printed orders where there is
handshaking between a buyer and a seller
they come together wonderful there's a
transaction it's booked to Mark to
Market but that didn't make price go
there there it just recorded its time
when it was there at that time that's
why it's called time and sales
[__] I'll talk to you
toar Char Anonymous [__] be
crazy